What you are doing doesn't make any sense to me.
He was a tough competitor in the boxing ring.
The air felt damp after the sudden rain shower.
We always laugh at his silly jokes.
I came in tenth place in the race.
The ship was tied to the dock.
She gave a quick shrug and walked away.
He decided to fling the ball as hard as he could.
The road was rough and full of potholes.
Please don't forget to pack all your stuff.
The hunter made a notch in his belt for every deer he caught.
The old tree stump was covered in moss.
We’ve had a lot of snow in the past few winters.
He tried to clinch the deal with the customer.
I'll guess the answer to the riddle.
The main theme of the book was courage.
All the folks in the town came out for the parade.
He will greet you at the door.
I need to shave before the party.
The great oak tree provided shade on a hot day.
The owl will prey on small mice.
Add a little spice to the sauce for extra flavor.
I paid the bill for our dinner.
The rapid growth of the plant was a surprise.
His greed for money led to his downfall.
The team's coach gave them instructions.
The recipe calls for just the egg yolk.
We will grind the coffee beans right before brewing.
The old wood showed signs of decay.
He had lived a full lifetime.
Don't lose your keys.
I have a few books to read.
The old story spoke of impending doom.
They saw a tall bamboo stalk in the jungle.
She tried to soothe the crying baby.
The law will not tolerate crooks.
The horse's hoof hit the ground with a thud.
The handbook gave instructions for building the bookshelf.
He will prove his innocence in court.
The funny movie will amuse the whole family.
We had a great view of the city from the top of the hill.
I got a terrible bruise on my arm from the fall.
The two states formed a union.
The leaves were strewn across the yard by the wind.
The witness was ready to accuse the suspect.
His heart beat with excitement.
I swear to tell the truth.
All aboard the train!
They drew squares on the paper.
Use a chart to organize your data.
The source of the river was high in the mountains.
The train fare was more than I expected.
The large barge moved slowly down the river.
A rose has a sharp thorn on its stem.
Water was scarce during the dry season.
The coarse sand felt rough under my feet.
A bright flare shot up into the sky.
What course will you take next semester?
The loud uproar in the room made it hard to hear.
The two mountains were separated by a deep gorge.
He felt a strange feeling that someone would lurk in the shadows.
He tended to blurt out whatever was on his mind.
The midterm exam was very difficult.
I couldn't feel my fingers due to the cold, and I was losing all nerve.
He had to work on the car all afternoon.
I had a terrible thirst after my long run.
He watched the kid squirt water from the toy.
He had to squirm to get through the narrow opening.
The child's learning ability was outstanding.
He had to swerve to avoid hitting the dog.
He decided to surf the waves on his new board.
The car began to lurch forward.
I need to wash my shirt before the party.
The two companies were merging.
We need to rehearse for the play.
My shoulder hurt at the joint.
We had to dawdle while waiting for the bus.
I made a wish at the fountain.
Be cautious when crossing the busy street.
The eagle made a foul noise.
He took a big mouthful of cake.
The city was in turmoil after the storm.
He used a rope to make a coil.
The scrawny cat was very hungry.
They had to hoist the flag to the top of the pole.
The stout man had a round face.
She began to bawl after the sad movie.
The turquoise water of the lake was very clear.
The buoyant boat floated easily on the water.
Her renown as a great writer grew over the years.
The rattlers are the baby’s favorite toys.
The rodeos were always a popular event.
I overcame many difficulties to complete the project.
He was dealing with the losses of his best friend.
The snake had sharp fangs.
There are many possibilities for the future.
The zoo had a special exhibit on reptiles.
She had many abilities.
We are growing new potatoes in the garden.
The two spies had fake identities.
He made notches in the wooden stick.
The travelers visited many countries.
They had strong beliefs.
I made a fruit smoothie with mangoes.
The sinews of his leg were very strong.
I am always out jogging in the mornings.
The water was dripping from the faucet.
She skimmed the book to find the information she needed.
He accepted the gift.
The comedian was very amusing.
He regretted his decision.
The injured boy was taken to the hospital.
She applied for the job.
The situation was very complicated.
He qualified for the tournament.
The gnarled old tree stood alone in the field.
He envied his friend's new car.
I was fascinated by the story.
The adoring fan waited for hours to meet the singer.
She wrote in her diaries every day.
You've been a great help.
She'd be here if she could.
That's a good idea.
What's your favorite color?
He doesn't have a jacket.
There's a lot of work to do.
You're going to love this movie.
He wasn't ready to go.
We'll see you later.
We've never been to this restaurant before.
I've already finished my homework.
They didn't hear the bell ring.
They're going to the park.
I won't be able to come.
Aren't you hungry?
The dentist fixed my tooth.
The wild mustang ran across the open plain.
He was interested in studying the culture of ancient Egypt.
The green valley was surrounded by mountains.
The jogger was out for a run.
He was absent from class today.
He put on his goggles before jumping in the pool.
The old tree was hollow inside.
We must summon the whole team for a meeting.
He tried to flatter the teacher for a good grade.
The Roman Empire was very large.
The news will excite everyone.
The blizzard brought a lot of snow.
The air felt clammy.
I like to relax in my hammock on a summer day.
The student worked hard to earn a good grade.
The vacant lot was for sale.
All people should have equal rights.
The teacher would punish the disobedient student.
He had a great sense of humor.
He created a profile for his new business.
The deep cavern was dark and cold.
The sudden noise caused him to panic.
I began to shiver in the cold.
The smoky room was full of people.
The recent storm caused a lot of damage.
A bright comet shot across the sky.
The cruel tyrant ruled the people with no mercy.
He was overcome with fatigue after the long hike.
The fugitive was hiding from the police.
I listen to the radio in the car.
The substance was a strange fluid.
He was a good trial lawyer.
The poet wrote a beautiful poem.
He had many ideas for the project.
They had to add more fuel to the fire.
The crowd began to riot.
The cruel king was a tyrant.
The meteor landed in a field.
I learned to play the piano.
Her genuine love for her family was evident.
The diameter of the circle was ten inches.
The brave patriot fought for his country.
It was a very difficult situation.
The store sold a variety of items.
We found a deer footprint in the mud.
The coastal town was right on the ocean.
Her flawless performance was met with a standing ovation.
He had to exercise caution.
We met at the fairground.
The whole family sat in the bleachers to watch the game.
He had to call his lawyer for advice.
Although it was cold, we went outside.
He tried to entertain his friends with a story.
He began doubting his decision.
The sound of laughter filled the room.
They hold up the sign that says applause when they want us to clap.
He was grouchy in the morning.
Nowadays, people use their phones for everything.
The distraught child was crying for his mother.
The horse was in the stable.
He began to stumble as he walked on the ice.
The royal family waved to the crowd.
She had a very clear vocal range.
I put the saddle on the horse.
The weather was terrible.
The disease would cripple him for life.
I wrote in my journal every day.
We saw a small beetle on the leaf.
The hospital was full of sick people.
It was not legal to do that.
The cattle were grazing in the pasture.
The majestic eagle flew high in the sky.
It seemed impossible to finish the work in a day.
Many people went to the concert.
The scholar had many books in his library.
The meteor left a big crater.
The glass will shatter if you drop it.
Use a saucer with that cup or it may spill.
The tall pillar held up the roof.
The governor gave a speech.
I need to find my scissors.
The vapor rose from the hot water.
The commander led the troops.
The peddler sold goods from his cart.
The equator is an imaginary line.
The movie director won an award.
The professor taught a good class.
I put the milk in the refrigerator.
The remainder of the food was thrown away.
The company's slogan was very catchy.
I wore my woolen hat.
You must listen to the teacher.
The ghost story would frighten everyone.
They would lengthen the race by one mile.
The captain gave the order to sail.
The mountain was covered in snow.
The global community came together to solve the problem.
The new building was a marvel.
He put the food in the barrel.
It was a very practical solution to the problem.
He ate a delicious pretzel.
He let out a deep chuckle.
The prisoner was kept in a dungeon.
He ordered a large piece of salmon.
It was an unusual sight to see a tiger in the snow.
The fish lived underwater.
He repaired the broken fence.
He was unaware of the danger.
The new dog was very unfriendly.
This was an unimportant detail.
We will refreeze the ice cream.
I want to rediscover my love of painting.
Please disconnect the charger.
Don't discourage her from trying.
The dishonest student cheated on the test.
The map would misguide the lost traveler.
The sight of the big waves would overwhelm the small boat.
He waited impatiently for the bus.
The information was inaccurate.
She would enter the contest.
He was content with his life.
They would protest the new law.
The new law permits citizens to vote.
The rebel fought against the government.
He would present his project tomorrow.
The dry desert was very hot.
I'll be there in a minute.
He signed the contract.
I will refuse your request.
The conflict between the two countries was ongoing.
He would research the topic for his paper.
What is your excuse for being late?
The medicine had a strange effect on him.
The new law would affect everyone.
The rancher raised cattle.
The butcher cut the meat.
The searcher looked for the lost dog.
The air pressure was very high.
The future is what you make it.
We must measure the cloth.
The little child gave me great pleasure.
The mixture was very thick.
The pirates searched for the buried treasure.
A new feature was added to the car.
The cattle grazed on the pasture.
The creature was very strange.
A compound fracture is worse than a simple broken bone.
The boy had a miniature car.
The teacher required disclosure of the information.
The long distance was tiring.
The importance of the project was great.
I struggled to maintain my balance.
Her attendance was perfect.
Her absence was noticed.
The performance was outstanding.
Her dependence on her parents was very strong.
The disturbance caused a great deal of trouble.
His appearance was very neat.
He offered his assistance.
His ignorance of the facts was a surprise.
His brilliance was evident.
The ambulance arrived quickly.
Vigilance is a good quality.
He was able to make a good inference.
He was a serious person.
She was furious about the mistake.
The volcano caused a sudden eruption.
The destruction of the city was awful.
She gave clear direction.
She was a very forgetful person.
The chair was very comfortable.
He was finally able to finish the project.
He usually walks to work.
Eventually, the rain stopped.
He drove very carefully.
He was allergic to cats.
The scientific discovery was very important.
The marine biologist studied aquatic animals.
Mathematics was his favorite subject.
The sweet candy was delicious.
He had a suite at the hotel.
My peer was a great student.
The boats were tied at the pier.
He had a polite manner.
The beautiful manor was very old.
The pole was very tall.
The poll showed who was ahead in the election.
Her waist was very small.
Do not waste your time.
The lion looked for its prey.
He would pray for guidance.
The child opened his presents on Christmas morning.
The popcorn kernel was unpopped.
The colonel was in charge.
She had to prewash the clothes.
The accident would disable the car.
The shirt began to discolor.
You’re mistaken if you think I’m serious.
He had a deep mistrust of others.
The answer was incorrect.
The cord was disconnected.
He had a preview of the new movie.
The judge had to misjudge the situation.
He would misunderstand the rules.
The child would disobey his parents.
It was an injustice that he was not given a chance.
The tickets were inexpensive.
Dinosaurs lived in the prehistoric age.
The child would often misbehave.
His sadness was evident.
It was a needless argument.
The harmless snake was not poisonous.
The darkness in the room was intense.
There was a stillness in the air.
He felt hopeless after the loss.
He was fearless in the face of danger.
His weakness was an inability to say no.
The bottomless pit seemed to go on forever.
The foolishness of the decision was evident.
This new lawnmower makes the job almost effortless.
He was able to ask for forgiveness.
The motionless car was in the middle of the road.
The astronaut experienced weightlessness.
His thoughtlessness hurt her feelings.
He tried to impress the teacher.
He made a good impression.
I will locate the lost keys.
The location of the treasure was a secret.
We will decorate the house for Christmas.
The decoration was very pretty.
Math problems almost never confuse me.
His confusion was evident.
We need to elect a new president.
The election will be held on Tuesday.
We will discuss the topic tomorrow.
The discussion was very helpful.
He would concentrate on his homework.
He would conclude the presentation with a question.
The conclusion of the book was a surprise.
The astronaut traveled to the moon.
I would like your autograph.
The mechanic fixed my car.
The telescope helped him see the stars.
The mechanical parts were working perfectly.
The telephone rang.
The astronomer studied the stars.
The mythical creature was a dragon.
The automatic door opened.
The myth of the hydra was a great story.
The natural disaster was devastating.
I like to watch television.
He studied photography.
I called him on the videophone.
The photogenic girl was a good model.
The mission was a success.
Do not distract me.
The attraction was too great.
He would export the goods to other countries.
The transportation of the goods was expensive.
The circus was a great spectacle.
The teacher would dismiss the students.
The missile was launched.
The play had a short intermission.
The inspector would inspect the building.
The spectator watched the game.
You can respect your teacher by following classroom rules.
I suspect we will need a bigger boat.
The spectacular view was breathtaking.
The protractor was used to measure angles.
These clothes don’t fit me any longer.
The Olympics are held every four years.
The lunar surface was very bright.
January is the first month of the year.
I made a fortune selling lemonade.
The territory was very large.
The cyclone would cause a lot of damage.
The fury of the storm was intense.
I like to eat cereal for breakfast.
The terrace was a great place to sit.
The gigantic monster was scary.
The ocean is full of fish.
The gracious host made us feel welcome.
The jovial person was full of laughter.
The venerable old man was a wise person.
The camera was on a tripod.
A century is one hundred years.
The two teams will unify for a common goal.
She rode her bicycle down the street.
The two singers sang in perfect unison.
I used binoculars to see the bird.
The centipede has many legs.
I will bisect the line.
He received a biweekly paycheck.
The unicorn was a mythical horse.
The universe is vast.
He rode a unicycle.
He attended a great university.
My bilingual friend speaks Spanish and English.
The trilogy was a series of three books.
The enjoyable trip was very fun.
The story was unbelievable.
The comfortable chair was a great place to rest.
It was not possible to get a perfect score.
The cup was breakable.
She was a capable leader.
He drove a convertible car.
The price was unreasonable.
He was a respectable person.
The collapsible chair was easy to fold.
The sensible decision was to wait.
The invisible man was a mystery.
The car was affordable.
If this mess isn’t manageable, we’ll ask friends for help.
The tangible goods were easy to touch.
